1. Why is file storage important when you're using Python? What would happen if you didn't store local files?

   - File storage is important because it can be used to store data from a script/program you are running instead
     of having to retype all the data you use again.

2. In this exercise you learned about the pickling process with the pickle.dump() method. What are pickles? In
   which situations would you choose to use pickles and why?

   - Pickles are used for more complex data structures. They convert complex data into a packaged stream of bytes
     known as a "pickle", then write this into a binary file. For example, if you have a dictionary, you would want
     to store that dictionary into a .bin file using pickle.dump().

3. In Python, what function do you use to find out which directory you're currently in? What if you wanted to change
   your current working directory?

   - The function you use to find out which directory you're currently in would be 'os.getcwd()'. If you wanted to
     change the current working directory, you would use the 'os.chdir()' command. You can only use these commands
     if you have already imported the 'os' module.

4. Imagine you're working on a Python script and are worried there may be an error in a block of code. How would you
   approach the situation to prevent the entire script from terminating due to an error?

   - In order to prevent the entire script from terminating due to an error, you would use a try-except block. Whereever
     you believe an error could exist, you would put that block of code within the except section and print a message
     that details the error to the user, and then you can continue running any code that you need to.

5. You're now more than halfway through Achievement 1! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far.
   How is it going? What's something you're proud of so far? Is there something you're struggling with? What do you need
   more practice with? Feel free to use these notes to guide your next mentor call.

   - At the moment, I am feeling pretty good. I do not feel overwhelmed or intimidated by the lessons so far. The biggest
     issue I am noticing for myself if just getting the syntax correct. Coming from working primarily with JavaScript, I 
     need to just get comfortable with defining functions and including colons.